Week #1

    In this week I figured I would brainstorm and figure out what I think I would 
    like and so forth. I finally ended up on doing multiple html files for multiple 
    pages. I think that this would be the best approach since I can decide if I want
    to use CSS or Java on other pages to show how much I have learned in this class. 
    I also added a nav bar. I used the bootstrap navbar that I learned from the previous
    assignment. I also figured out how to deploy to github pages which was actually a little
    difficult becuase of the pupline and trying to figure that out. I ended up using a youtube
    video that I found online to get more help with figuring it out.


Week #2

    Wednesday:
    In this week I am almost finished with form which is the welcome page that
    talks about me and what I do and other stuff like that. For the new thing 
    that I am going to implement I think I will add a download link to be able to
    download my resume or my ohter mieces of work. I think that I am doing good and
    making steady progress I am going to work a lot over the weekend. I have been using
    Google a lot to help me out with the CSS and so forth. 

    Thursday: 
    the website that helped me learning about my download link. I will probably also want to 
    add a carosel since this is something new that I learned however I is the same principle. 


Week #3 

    Friday: I started on my prjoects page. I feel like this is where the bulk of my
    information will be. I started with my CS358 project which was a simple language 
    interp. I think I really like how it turned out. It has a couple of images of what 
    a potential final project could be, and it also has the link to the repository so
    if you wanted to fork it and try it out for yourself. I found google really helpful 
    in telling me about the image carosel. I think it was perfect for this section. 
        

    Saturday: Today I am going to finish my projects section, I feel pretty good and I 
    reworked my carosel. I did this because although I like the arrows I continously kept getting contrast
    contrast errors and that was pretty annoying. I am making good headway with project page, I figured
    I would have links to each project and since they are html they would open each project. I have 
    also fixed everything when it comes to errors in my project.html. The only errors I am getting is 
    because of a download link, however I want to have that download link so I dont really know what to
    do. I also had to change my nav bar on assignment 2 because I keep getting errors. 

    Sunday: I am really liking how everything is coming together I think that I may add a little more
    things to my project.html. I finished adding buttons and styling them for all of my projects and 
    assignments. I am going to look over the assignment instructions to see if I should add more because
    I can always add more here. My welcom page. 


    Monday: I am almost finished up with everything and I am pretty happy with how everything turnued out.
    I just added being able to handle input from my form with javascript. In the future I may want to add a 
    path where that information will be stored however I think that this is ample for everything. I am planning
    on replacing my link to my other stuff to more of my skills section. I think I will add my resume skills to 
    this section just to talk a little about myself and stuff that I have done.

    Tuesday: I created the readme and then I finished up everything to make sure all of the accesiability checks are
    good and that I am happy with everything. I am really happy how everything turned out and all I have to do now 
    is make my video! I it is important to note that one of my pictures does not actually show up and only shows as blank.
    This is on assignemnt 3 and I will fix it I just figured that since it is on my assignment side it does not reflect my 
    grade on the Final.
    